Mervin manufacturing located in
Carlsberg washington the world's most
our cores are all made from fast growing
renewable trees all sawdust is taken and
composted and turned back into soil our
wood core scraps are collected by local
business and turned into food wood which
is handy when you're with your lady or
your ladies we've set up a household
recycling program for our 176 employees
boo-yeah unlike other companies in the
industry here at Mervin we don't use
toxic
clear coats are toxic silkscreen inks on
our plastics we use our own proprietary
eco sub printing process which uses
water-based inks this allows us to
recycle all of our scrap plastic
products we use a non petroleum-based
bioplastic made from castor beans our
bio being top sheets we use only low
volatile organic compound epoxy resin
systems low VOCs if you want to breathe
fumes you got to do it outside our
factory all-natural wood glue
I'll take it Earvin manufacture stop by
sometime for a breath of fresh air